Your Majesty, please.
It's intact.
Jubilee, how did you do that?
Unbelievably when I was a child my mother taught me folk tricks.
Now it's useful.
Cease fire agreement.
How's it going?
General.
The enemy will attack again.
Recovery
I met him once in the country.
It is rumored that the woman who restored this art is the hard-to-find thousand-year-old saint.
What recovery?
Which saint?
It's all a game of four.
General.
Go home and practice.
My body is a little tired.
Follow orders
Long day
Don't lose big because you're small.
The Queen
My employer has restored the truce.
Please don't punish her anymore.
Let's see who dares to punish my daughter.
Princess.
The noble words that have been denounced before are still many.
The princess said I should be able to restore this recovery book.
Cut off your own head.
The bow says
Don't you want my life?
Take it.